[music]
at the same time vilsakom we will play today
prototype return its final part
and the sergeant is not a little one after all
he was licked by his foot so in general he
a little cold Well there is such
you know when snot and always look not
very well that went today we need
to fill up
Bright Alex Mercer is the main and
actually the villains ken who made us
these are the unpresentable dude
I even forgot how to play here and
wing give me at least kaun boring
it's boring and I understand why we are not a bunch of
what a great
let's go this way
we will paint 3 drama in the meadow
lan kidding on quiet we screwed
fill up alex mercer for this us
I need to finish the bed you eat like them
I forgot to eat and I remembered
like that absorb people
infected and not so much to
punish the critical mass in order
to solve a little damn question
some two beasts i think we
it is necessary to illuminate him for us on a tightrope
through shoot
I actually ship passed once but
it zaglyuchil you I did not get cool
ochumenno what I flunked Alex Mercer
so now we own it
reiteration
don't need me shoot everyone you know
just to shoot jump-jump-jump-jump I
I will not do on me on prototype 2
review because all have already passed it and
played and why it is necessary to correct a
where do we need to go
pick up the black box new pick up though
why do we not, I began to collect tapeworm
drawers nothing a bit overshot
and if wow came there
not equal because you are all fed up . tux
nagaina bat or i already passed the game and and
can not be completed
Even I do not understand until the end
the task is generally on the map
I'm good, let me shoot the moment
let's see how it somehow turns out
incomprehensible objects map map map
Card from prying up in the den and a corkscrew
it 's still a moronic operation name
shalom line this i helped fakin gad i am so
I understand that I went through the whole game more
do you want fakin shield
come here yes trees helicopter and we now
years in a helicopter I will die the cattle of Mary
how to shoot damn rocket revenge or what
rockets ss-3 helicopter dad and not on that
I attacked the veteran of battlefield
helicopter metal when you still pour out
This way inside, too, can do that well,
what do we do and
open-world peri peri peri peri
ricky-tikki you didn’t fly you
will you go my sacrifice
do you have on the roof or throw you out
what to do with him let's decide
that is, he will see you as something
you look how ugly you listen to
dates but generally yes I wanted to write
passing the game she already passed o'my
fakin bastard but I'll post it anyway
you know what the hell
complete the game a second time and tell me
do you want to 2 times or not almost
count principle cool assembly love
such open-world games if you like that
I would advise what the first part was
sometimes very controversial so boring
this part is also missing stars from the sky i
I think that this is still used level 5
March is so beautiful b quality level
as performed
but nevertheless you can wedge she
taught
wimp on execution is a game after all
level yes but still i look
already said 1 time
because you and block because and
immediately watch this video i will show you
cool gun that way you can buy
for money it certainly amazes in games
she's an activision type that is you can
really buy any junk for
think for money
antigravity field vortex this
all the way you can turn on and
know this paid cheat codes
feeling cool done so look
how it works
Here I have this. that's me there
shoots like their not a newspaperman
b
covered once all helicopters to the heap and
now see how we can send
somewhere down for example yes it is such
less likely for a nuclear explosion in
in a sense, that's very good
cleans the streets of every stench
the action field turns out sooo here
It is with this gun, I passed Alex
mercer without noticing at all because he
could not resist
a couple of punches very quickly
I still kissed endlessly
amount of charges super thing cost 400
microsoft points of i don't know how many
it's a dollar to save
really, but these things are cool
at first but then you understand very quickly
that basically everything was enough for
the fact that very much spoils the gameplay
chick and it becomes play for not fun
Here is such a prototype
I wanted to show you I will not show anything
put huskies like that pretty
looking for a game
subscribe to the channel
we have a lot of this kind of die all
vigorous and bye